[Docs] Simplifying for better user understanding (#5878)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/user_guide/development_lifecycle/caching.md

## Parameters

* `cache`(`bool`): Enables or disables caching of the workflow, task, or launch plan.
By default, caching is disabled to avoid unintended consequences when caching executions with side effects.
To enable caching, set `cache=True`.
* `cache_version` (`str`): Part of the cache key.
Changing this version number tells Flyte to ignore previous cached results and run the task again if the task's function has changed.
This allows you to explicitly indicate when a change has been made to the task that should invalidate any existing cached results.
Note that this is not the only change that will invalidate the cache (see below).
Also, note that you can manually trigger cache invalidation per execution using the [`overwrite-cache` flag](#overwrite-cache-flag).
* `cache_serialize` (`bool`): Enables or disables [cache serialization](./cache_serializing).
When enabled, Flyte ensures that a single instance of the task is run before any other instances that would otherwise run concurrently.
This allows the initial instance to cache its result and lets the later instances reuse the resulting cached outputs.
Cache serialization is disabled by default.

> * `cache_ignore_input_vars` (`Tuple[str, ...]`): Input values that Flyte should ignore when deciding if a task’s result can be reused. By default, no input variables are ignored. This parameter only applies to task serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cache_ignore_input_vars` (`Tuple[str, ...]`): Input variables that Flyte should ignore when deciding if a task’s result can be reused (hash calculation). By default, no input variables are ignored. This parameter only applies to task serialization.
```

### How does local caching work?

> Flyte uses a tool called [diskcache](https://github.com/grantjenks/python-diskcache) package, specifically [diskcache.Cache](http://www.grantjenks.com/docs/diskcache/tutorial.html#cache), to save task results locally on your computer so they don’t need to be recomputed if the same task is run again. The results of local task executions are stored under `~/.flyte/local-cache/` and cache keys are composed of **Cache Version**, **Task Signature**, and **Task Input Values**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flyte uses a tool called [diskcache](https://github.com/grantjenks/python-diskcache), specifically [diskcache.Cache](http://www.grantjenks.com/docs/diskcache/tutorial.html#cache), to save task results so they don’t need to be recomputed if the same task is executed again,  a technique known as ``memoization``. The results of local task executions are stored under `~/.flyte/local-cache/` and cache keys are composed of **Cache Version**, **Task Signature**, and **Task Input Values**.
```

```

[flytesnacks]: https://github.com/flyteorg/flytesnacks/tree/master/examples/development_lifecycle/

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
